Move common docs upstream (#9)
hpcflow/hpcflow-shared-docs: docs/source/user/getting_started/custom_task_schemas_and_workflows.rst

.. code-block:: yaml

    - schema: print
      # Explicitly reference output parameter from a task
      input_sources:
        string_to_print: task.my_other_task_schema

When running a workflow with {{ app_name }}, the required files are copied into a directory
that {{ app_name }} creates, and any output files are saved into the ``execute`` directory.
If you want to keep any of theses files, you should tell {{ app_name }} to copy them to the ``artifacts``
directory using ``save_files``:

.. code-block:: yaml
  
    task_schemas:
    - objective: my_task_schema
      inputs:
      - parameter: my_input
      outputs:
      - parameter: my_output
      actions:
      - environments: ...
        commands: ...
        save_files:
        - my_command_file

Example workflow
-----------------

.. _command_files_example_workflow:

Here we have an example workflow which illustrates use of command files.
To run this example, create a ``workflow.yaml`` file with the contents below,
along with the ``generate_input_file.py`` and ``process_input_file.py`` files.

Modify the paths to the python scripts under the ``action`` keys to give the full path
to your files.

> You can then run the workflow using ``{{ app_module }} go workflow.yaml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then run the workflow using ``{{ app_package_name }} go workflow.yaml``.
```
